Hello.
I'm Dr. Jonathan Barker, pastor here at Amazing Grace Baptist Church in Mount Airy, North Carolina.
I would like to personally thank you for taking out time today to tune in to our preteen podcast.
We hope that this message will be a great encouragement to your heart today.
Go with me to Matthew chapter number 5.
In Matthew chapter number 5.
I want to give you a little thought. I'm probably not going to be long at all tonight. I'm going to do a little something different whenever I do get done.
But Matthew chapter 15, I want to read one verse to you tonight, a verse that's just really important.
I'm stirring in my heart, and this is just a verse that God's using in my life right now, and I'm just going to give you a...
I don't have no outline. I don't have no points. I don't have nothing. I just got this verse. I'm going to read it to you and give you a thought, and we'll go home, okay? Here's what he said. You can just remember.
Just remain seated tonight. Matthew chapter number 5, verse number 6.
The bible said this
Blessed are they
Which do hunger and thirst after righteousness,
For they shall be filled.
Let me read it to you again. Blessed are they that do hunger and
Thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled yesterday.
Um, we was at that magnify conference. I mean, it was, it was a great day. I enjoyed it. Good preaching, good fellow. She up and, um, I, I really enjoyed it.
Enjoy it. Before we left, I ate breakfast. I ate a pretty decent breakfast, and then whenever we got there, of course, they opened up, and Brother Pope preached in our hearts in Chatham.
and challenged us. And then we went to breakfast and one thing that was so wonderful there was they actually had a whole gluten-free menu, a whole gluten-free table.
And when you're gluten intolerant, that's always good. Amen. And I got some muffins in. I think there was some donut holes missing.
It was Ms. Leslie brought up there and some grapes. And then Ms. Mandy got mad because she didn't get a donut, and she went and found somebody and got a... What kind of donut was that?
Was that?
Daylight donut, a daylight donut, whatever that is. And man, I filled up, felt great. And we come around to lunchtime, which lunchtime
The launch time was about 1 or 1.30 there yesterday. And to be honest with you, I'd started to get a little bit hungry, but I knew as soon as lunch was over, which my turn
I turned to preach and to speak. So I didn't go to lunch. I stayed there in the sanctuary and talked Brother Tim, Brother Pope's son-in-law for a long time, and then mom and dad sleep.
I talked to them. Then I preached, and then after I preached, they had another little break there, and I got a cup of coffee and ate another one.
Another one of those little muffins. And then we came back in, and whenever we came back in, Brother Cox preached the house down. Man, I'm telling you, he preached the house down.
house today on that. And then after that, they give away some different things. And I talked to some people at the end. And when I got in the car and started up a road, I'm going to tell you.
You ask about starve to death. And let me tell you the reason why I had got empty of everything that I'd put in me. I was starving to death. And that is so...
And he said, where are you eating supper at? And I said, Chick-fil-A and Elkin. And he said, well, good grief. I said, well, that's where I'm going. And I took off the Chick-fil-A just as hard as
As I went through the drive-thru and got me something to eat. And then stopped on the other side of the drive-thru and changed and let Leslie drive. And I eat coming up the road.
road while she was driving. You may tell you the reason I wanted something to eat is so bad.
Goes out hungry.
Because I'd got empty.
I was empty.
And here's what the Bible said. Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled.
And we tell you the reason you're not getting filled with God the way that you need to be filled with God.
You ain't hungry.
Watch deep in it
You just ain't hungry
You just ain't hungry.
And here's the reason we're not hungry is because we fill ourself up with so much of the world.
We pack our schedule so full with this world.
that we don't hunger for God because we're so full of worldliness.
So if I could...
I ask you to pray about anything tonight. I would ask you to pray this prayer. God empty me.
Of what don't need to be in my life
God just seemed to me of it.
Over the past few weeks I have
I've really been
I'm trying to pray and discern the Lord on some things and pray.
Of course, January is coming up and we always challenge the church with a 21-day fast in January and not an absolute fast, but
to pick something to pass from it from those 21 days and to read a certain portion of our Bible. I'm going to go ahead and tell you this here. I'm going to challenge you with the book of Psalms.
I've reached seven chapters, a low of seven chapters a day, and in 21 days you'll read the book of Psalms. Of course, some of us has read the whole New Testament in 21 days together during
They're during that time. And I'm interested. 40 days you can read the Bible through if you'll really dedicate yourself to it. But in 21 days,
In 21 days, we'll challenge you with that at the first of January. And I was thinking, man, we need to move to God.
You so preacher you just talked about six people getting saved this morning huh just say something out young people
And I thought about this today, and I promise you, I'm not going to talk to you long because we're going to come around the altar. We're just going to pray a while tonight.
I thought about this today. If the fire, Brother Elijah, that's in our young people right now would get in our adult.
You know he chad the reasons some young people's getting saved because they're empty in their self
They're getting everything out of their life and the reason that you're not hungry for God is
It's because you got too much world in you.
God, would you empty me?
God would you empty me
God, would you get the unnecessary things out of my life?
I thought about this and
And I used to hunt a lot and I was going to some this year and man, I just lost all interest in it. Just lost all interest in hunting this year.
I was thinking about this where Josh, how you slub to hunt?
And matter of fact yesterday I talked to Jed Cable a while and his daddy is who got me into bear hunting. Brandon, we all called him Reddon.
100,000 red men is what we called them. It's Brooke Jake's father-in-law, and it's who got me into bear hunting. Man, there was a time that there's no way that I would have missed Brooke Josh opening week.
And then week of bare season. I would have been there. And we'd leave on Sunday night after church. And I'd all the way up there. And hunt opening week. And I loved it.
And I used to love Deer Hunt. Matter of fact, Ms. Leslie knew whenever we first got married when Deer Season opened up, Brooke's staying on that.
It's just certain clothes are going to stay on the back porch of our house where you come in. Our place in East Bend, and she knew not to mess with them, but Jonathan, she knew not to spray nothing around on them.
I don't know my... She knew for about a month and a half there, I was going to be in the woods all the time. You know, I thought about this. We can get up at Fort Brother Air.
They're in 5 o'clock in the morning, and we can go sit in the deer stand to do something that honestly is just trivial.
No matter nothing at the end of the day. Oh, yeah, we might have a little bragging rights. Somebody give me an amen. I'm not preaching against hunting. I'm just giving you an amen.
You're an instance in my life.
I wonder when the last time was that
We got so excited about getting up at 4:00 in the morning and praying for God to send revival to our church that we couldn't even sleep the night before because we were so anticipated.
Anticipating.
Spending time with the Lord.
I wonder when it was that
We couldn't even sleep the night before because we're so anticipating our morning Bible study and getting in the Word of God and allowing God to speak to our heart.
I said, Preacher, what are you saying? I'm saying this.
We need to get empty.
I appreciate what God's doing in our young people, but
What about our adults today?
I thought about this
I thought about this.
We watch young people get right.
And parents rejoice over it.
But then the parents never change either
Now let's say parents are lost
But I'm saying this...
It's a sad day when our young people are more on fire for God than
Our adults are.
It's a sad day when we're seeing a work of God greater in our young people.
than we are, and are we not supposed to be the example?
Are we not supposed to be the ones that set the example? Not our young people setting an example for us.
What did he say? He said, "I'll fill you." That's a promise from God. He will fill us. But the reason we're not getting filled so many times is because
We've got so much in our life.
So I'll ask you this question tonight.
What do you need God to empty you of?
What do you need God? You said, "Preach, I just don't know of anything." Well,
I want to ask you to pray.
God show me
But I need to get out of my life.
God, what is that that's in my life?
That needs to go.
I watched a movie the other night and I made reference to it.
It's called the forwards.
It's by Sherwood Films. It's really a good movie.
I don't agree with everything in it, but I don't agree with me all the time either.
But the principle of the things that's in it's really a good movie and
This young man gets right with the Lord in him. He actually gets saved, and after he gets saved, he's dealing with anger and bitterness towards his father, and God helps him to overcome that, and
And he begins praying for God to do this, God to help me, God show me something. What do I need to get out of my life? He's a 17-year-old young man. And he's a 17-year-old young man.
And God ends up showing in him.
His playstation.
And he says,
But anything else?
And all he ends up doing, he ends up taking that PlayStation.
And he gets rid of it.
And the time that he was spending on it, he began spending on his knees praying.
And it's amazing to see what God does through the story and the moral of the story and what God does through that. What I'm simply saying is this, God will fill us.
Feel us if we'll just get empty.
If we'll just get empty.
Sometimes we don't want to get empty though
We like to hold on to what we have.
We like life is normal
You see if we get empty there's changes in our life and we're not interested in changing
I don't know about you
But I sure would love to see God send revival in our church again.
I'm not talking about three nights of meetings.
I'm not talking about five nights of meetings
I'm talking about God stirring our hearts.
And start in our lives.
I thought about this and
Miss Stan, you care to come to the piano and...
And in playforces we pray to not.
I believe this in all my heart. Every time we walk into the church doors,
I believe somebody's here lost.
I really do.
You say you think somebody's here lost or not i do i believe that there is
Now i thought about this
We
Can hinder
The work of god in our church
We can hinder the move
The Holy Spirit in our church
And i believe this in all of my heart
That if somebody needs to get saved in a service and because of your ill spirit
They don't.
then their blood's going to be required on your hands one day in heaven.
The church being right with God
It's so vitally important.
To the work of God.
In the church
Can I say that again?
The church being right with God.
It's so vitally important to the work of God.
In our church
So maybe you need to come to an altar tonight and say, "God, empty me of this bitterness."
God, he emptied me of this malice.
God empty me of this anger
and God in turn feel me
With your spirit
That's doing it
The Bible study Wednesday afternoon and it was on anger and I said sometimes the reason
Or it was on forgiveness and i said sometimes the reason that we don't forgive
Is because we like to hold on to it.
We like to hold on to it.
Because of bitterness, because of selfishness.
What do you need to be emptied of tonight?